Welcome back to this first case study.
Optimizing warehouse rules with Q learning congratulations for tackling part 1 defining the environment.
I'll confess that it was easiest part and now things are going to get a bit more challenging but not
that much.
Because indeed what we only have to do is just follow the cooler any algorithm that I just added in
this fallers you'll get it as well.
I'll provide it for their share in the course.
All right so this is the whole key learning algorithm composed of two main parts.
The initialization part where we initialize all the q values to zeros and the for loop part where we
iterate a certain number of times which will be 1000 times no code.
The following process and therefore in this new part.
Part 2.
Building the solution with Culin will structure this way with the first code section which is the initialization
and a second code section where we do this learning process over 1000 iterations.
All right so let's get the structure.
Actually I already prepared it because I copied the two titles of our two code sections which are the
following.
First code section about the initialization initializing the queue values and a second code section
about the learning process with the 1000 iterations.
All right so let's do this.
Let's start with the first part.
The whole learning algorithm which is to initialize all the q values so what q values exactly do we
have to initialize to zero.
Well if we go back to the whole an algorithm slide while we see that we have to initialize the q values
for all the different states and actions that is for all the couples state action respectively from
0 to 11 and from 0 to 11 as well.
And therefore the best way to do that is actually exactly the same as how we did it with the matrix
of the word here.
That's the same we have to kind of make a Q function like a function of q values taking hasn't put a
couple of state in action exactly as the reward function and returning the Q value.
And therefore since we still have a finite number of states and a finite number of actions and which
are the same numbers.
Well the best way to prepare this Q function is function of q values and initialize all its values to
zeros is again to make a matrix which will be our matrix of q values and therefore will just initialize
it as an N by array full of zeroes.
So that's exactly what we're do in this first code section about the initialization and therefore back
to our code.
We're going to start by introducing a new variable which is q and which will be our matrix of q values
all initialized to 0.
So how are you going to do that easily and most efficiently.
Well we have an umpire for this so I'm going to call non-Thai which has a shortcut and P.
And again we're going to get the array function exactly as we did for the matrix of rewards but here
be relieved we won't have to do it this way all over again.
You know putting zeros everywhere there is a much better and quicker solution.
It's another function by name by which will return exactly what we need.
That is a matrix of 12 rows and 12 columns full of zeros.
It is a common practice to use this function and therefore try to remember it is very simply the zeros
function by and by.
That's why I took non-Thai here again and P and then zero's function to which we have to add some parentheses.
And in the parenthesis we simply have to input the dimensions of this array in which we want to have
all these zeroes.
These Amundsen's we have to add them in square brackets again and these dimensions correspond of course
to 12 rows and 12 columns.
All right.
And that way we have our matrix of q values all initialized zeros and therefore the first bar here is
done.
All right so now we're going to move on to the interesting part with all these steps here.
That is we're going to make a for loop because as you can see we have to repeat for a certain number
of times which will be 1000 times the following steps.
So we'll make a for loop inside the for loop will just simply follow the algorithm here.
Exactly as it says until we get the temporal difference and then dating Q values according to the Belman
equation.
So let's do all this in the next tutorials.
Try to do it by yourself.
That would really be some good practice.
You literally have to follow this process here.
There won't be any difference so please try to do it myself first and then it's do it together in the
next tutorials.
Until then enjoy AI.